Me and my lawyer congratulate you on the release of Tank Team (and we will see you in court) -  from Glowypmkin and Angy_peachy
I know I come into the community one day then made some things, modded some stuff and hacked your games but hey we had some good laughs here and there, we came together as a community inspiring each other to strive for things may it be to learn 3D modeling, coding or just general stuff and in my eyes that's pretty good. - Lecloutpanda
Thank you and Well Done, Mr Dusty - DoctorLeaf
Thank you so much Finn for growing such an amazing community, I’ve never felt so involved in anything like this before and I’m so so grateful to be welcomed and be a part of it. The stuff you create is far from just amazing and I’m so happy to see the stuff you’re creating is getting the recognition it deserves. Never stop doin’ what you’re doin’ - Twig
This game is really fun to play with friends, but the developers got a weird greasy moustache -BlipDip
As much as I terrorize you with a humanoid bean person, and a specific movie poster, I am still excited to see how far you will go with this, best of luck! - Tacos
Hey Finn, thank you for everything you've done over the past year. Also a massive well done on releasing Tank Team on steam. Congrats - DoctorLeaf
you've done an amazing job on the tank team! it's always been so much fun playing and testing it out, I'm excited to see what's waiting for you next! :> Your friend, Toi - Toi
your creativity and originality with your passion and dedication are all amazing traits of yours that led you to create and grow a community like us, we all love and are proud of you and i strive to be like you in those regards <3 - Thonk
Your streams have been very fun to watch and interact with and im happy to be a part of such an amazing community. Keep doing what your doing and i'm very happy about your recent success with Tank team you deserve all of it. FinnLove - Tantawelle
I'm very happy I can be a part of this beautiful community. And that's all thanks to you Finn I will support your game even if it doesn't become popular. I hope that we as a community will create a great game that will be talked about all over the world. - Furciszekku
It's truly amazing how much you've grown with tank team and everything else, keep doing what you're doing! Great job!!! - Barkinspiders
Finn, thank you for giving me a chance to be a part of all this, your streams helped me through not-so-easy times and I will be forever grateful. FinnLove FinnLove~1  - Hayoo_e
Finn, thank you for allowing me to join an amazing community. I adore your passion and what you do, keep up the good work -Darma
Hey finn, i know i haven't been active in anything lately but i still wanted to thank you, when i discovered your stream back in early january of last year i was in a pretty bad state of mind and you streams brought me joy where i couldn't find it in anything else  you also inspired me, game developing was something that i always wanted to do but i also had a terrible dread that the games i would make not being good enough but by watching your wacky and broken games made me realized that i didn't needed to be perfect i just needed to have fun in making them, and that's why i still wanted to thankyou and that probably someday when i'm not overloaded with work or collage i'll be back in the  community and start annoying everyone with pictures of raccoons :) - Gugu
Preciate you so much for making such a unique interactive game pops! I'm very honored to be a part of this growing community as one of the og's. Not only do you show dedication continuously developing shitgame and tank team, but you express the determination to never give up. I always look up to that and I hope your greatest creations get the true recognitions they deserve!<br>Love ya pops,<br>your son, Tj
Finn well done you have come so far from starting as just a fun experiment to having a large content creator playing it we all love your streams. Keep it up! - 0pel
congratulations finn on the success of tank team, its been an honor being in this community and i had learned alot of things, u and everyone in the community are amazing - Long

<div class="Person" id="Long" onclick="openMsg('18')">
                <div class="Pin"> </div>
                <h3 id="Long">Long</h3>
                <p>congratulations finn on the success of tank team, its been an honor being in this community and i had learned alot of things, u and everyone in the community are amazing </p>
                <p hidden>congratulations finn on the success of tank team, its been an honor being in this community and i had learned alot of things, u and everyone in the community are amazing </p>
            </div>
